README.md, before:

# PROHI Dashboard Example

**Author**: [Pamela Castillo]
<!-- As main author, do not write anything in the line below.
The collaborator will edit the line below in GitHub -->
**Collaborator**: Songyue Xie

_Note that this file is written in **MarkDown** language. A reference is available here: <https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/>_

_Here you can include images, like the logo from SU_

![Your dashboard](./assets/project-logo.jpg)

## Introduction

_This template project will contain a simple interactive web dashboard with Streamlit. Feel free to edit this document as desired_

## System description

### Installation of libraries

Run the commands below in a terminal to configure the project and install the package dependencies for the first time.

If you are using Mac, you may need to install Xcode. Check the official Streamlit documentation [here](https://docs.streamlit.io/get-started/installation/command-line#prerequisites).

1. Create the environment with `python -m venv env`
2. Activate the virtual environment for Python
   - [Linux/Mac] `source env/bin/activate` 
   - [Windows command prompt] `.\env\Scripts\activate.bat` 
   - [in Windows PowerShell] `.\env\Scripts\Activate.ps1`
3. Make sure that your terminal is in the environment (`env`) not in the global Python installation. The terminal should start with the word `env`
4. Install required packages `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
5. Check that the installation works running `streamlit hello`
6. Stop the terminal by pressing **Ctrl+C**

### Execute custom Dashboard

First, make sure that you are running Python from the environment. Check the steps 2 and 3 above. Then, to run the custom dashboard execute the following command:

```
> streamlit run Dashboard.py
# If the command above fails, use:
> python -m streamlit run Dashboard.py
```

### Dependencies

Tested on Python 3.12.7 with the following packages:
  - Jupyter v1.1.1
  - Streamlit v1.46.1
  - Seaborn v0.13.2
  - Plotly v6.2.0
  - Scikit-Learn v1.7.0
  - shap v0.48.0

## Contributors

_Add the project's authors, contact information, and links to websites or portfolios._

Commit message:

Screenshots
I added the screenshots from the dashboard

README.md, after:

# PROHI Dashboard Example

**Author**: [Pamela Castillo]
<!-- As main author, do not write anything in the line below.
The collaborator will edit the line below in GitHub -->
**Collaborator**: Songyue Xie

_Note that this file is written in **MarkDown** language. A reference is available here: <https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/>_

Dashboard screenshots

![Your dashboard](./assets/dashboard1.png)
![Your dashboard](./assets/dashboard2.png)
![Your dashboard](./assets/dashboard3.png)
![Your dashboard](./assets/dashboard4.png)

## Introduction

_This template project will contain a simple interactive web dashboard with Streamlit. I used my database from the data science course, the purpose of the dashboard is to identify patients that will have a 

## System description

### Installation of libraries

Run the commands below in a terminal to configure the project and install the package dependencies for the first time.

If you are using Mac, you may need to install Xcode. Check the official Streamlit documentation [here](https://docs.streamlit.io/get-started/installation/command-line#prerequisites).

1. Create the environment with `python -m venv env`
2. Activate the virtual environment for Python
   - [Linux/Mac] `source env/bin/activate` 
   - [Windows command prompt] `.\env\Scripts\activate.bat` 
   - [in Windows PowerShell] `.\env\Scripts\Activate.ps1`
3. Make sure that your terminal is in the environment (`env`) not in the global Python installation. The terminal should start with the word `env`
4. Install required packages `pip install -r ./requirements.txt`
5. Check that the installation works running `streamlit hello`
6. Stop the terminal by pressing **Ctrl+C**

### Execute custom Dashboard

First, make sure that you are running Python from the environment. Check the steps 2 and 3 above. Then, to run the custom dashboard execute the following command:

```
> streamlit run Dashboard.py
# If the command above fails, use:
> python -m streamlit run Dashboard.py
```

### Dependencies

Tested on Python 3.12.7 with the following packages:
  - Jupyter v1.1.1
  - Streamlit v1.46.1
  - Seaborn v0.13.2
  - Plotly v6.2.0
  - Scikit-Learn v1.7.0
  - shap v0.48.0

## Contributors

_Add the project's authors, contact information, and links to websites or portfolios._
